okuduğum okul yandal
yarışmalar hands on experience
stajlar
ilgi duyduğum alanlar
--------------------------
Jedsynin özelliği
bu alanı seviyorum ve gelişmek istiyorum
insanlar ve çevreye yardımcı olacak projelerde çalışmak istiyorum
medical payloads such as medicines and samples
in start ups, the env is fast paced and people are more free while work compared to big companies where people are restiricted to do very small part of a huge project
--------------------------
güçlü yönüm: teamwork, work in organized maner and give attention to the details
zayıf yönüm: not really fluent while speaking in english, competitive(personality type weakness), I dont like taking risks
being compettive makes me to push my limit which is good however sometimes things may become overwleming
--------------------------
Lider mi yoksa takım üyesi mi
I like both actually but it can depend on my team mates. Sometimes, not every people in the team may as eager as you. Hard to lead that team.
--------------------------
indipendently or collobrative
Both have advantages and disadvantages.
Working independelty is great when you try to concetrate on the subject
On the other hand, working in a collabrative environment makes you to solve some problems more easliy. By talking and brain storming, you can leverage others experience and knowledge.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

yarı zmaanlı
Is this internship is a full time position or a part time. Because I havent graduated yet, I need to attend lectures.

başlama tarihi
My internship here ends on Septmeber 8. If a get selected may I start the internship after my current internship is finished.
So there would be a one week of delay from the announced beginning day.

maaş
Is there any salary for this poisiton. If yes how much would it be approixmately. 

cmake kütüğjhane ekleme
matirxler eigen
:: ne işe yarıyor


c m alpha için cl kanat ve kuyurk için aynı
uzaklıklar baitan alınıyor
matirsin işaretlierine bak
79 cmalphadot 0 mı

Q set forcuun iinde yeniden tanımlanıyro her şeyi toplayacağım
I_yy 2 gibi olmalı normalde
aoa ve pitch eşitledim

parametric olacak
dt record değişecek
arka kuyruk küçük ama yukarda
alititude sürekli toplanıyor mu

lift yazdırayım mı
hız sadece yukarı hız mı
pozisyonun değişmesi gerekiyor mu
parametric ne demek